----HTML-PRESS-RELEASE---------------------------------------------------

<H1>ESP Package Manager 4.0 Released</H1>

<P>The 4.0 release of the ESP Package Manager ("EPM") is now
available for download.  The new release adds support for
subpackages, compressed portable packages, MacOS X disk images,
and custom platform names and release numbers.  It is available
on-line at:</P>

<PRE>
    <A HREF="http://www.easysw.com/epm/">http://www.easysw.com/epm/</A>
</PRE>

<P>EPM is a software packaging tool for all versions of UNIX that
generates software and patch distributions in various formats,
including:</P>

<UL>

	<LI>AIX software packages ("installp")</LI>

	<LI>AT&amp;T software packages ("pkgadd"), used by
	Solaris and others</LI>

	<LI>BSD packages ("pkg_create")</LI>

	<LI>Compaq Tru64 UNIX ("setld")</LI>

	<LI>Debian Package Manager ("dpkg")</LI>

	<LI>HP-UX software packages ("swinstall")</LI>

	<LI>IRIX software manager ("inst", "swmgr", or "tardist")</LI>

	<LI>MacOS X software packages ("name.pkg" and "name.mpkg")</LI>

	<LI>Portable (installation and removal scripts with tar files)</LI>

	<LI>Red Hat Package Manager ("rpm")</LI>

	<LI>Slackware software packages ("name.pkg")</LI>

</UL>

<P>EPM also includes graphical "setup" and "uninstall" programs
that can be provided with your distributions to make installation
and removal of more than one package a snap.</P>

<P>EPM is provided under the terms of the GNU General Public
License.  Please contact Easy Software Products at <A
HREF="mailto:info@easysw.com">info@easysw.com</A> for commercial
support.</P>


----TEXT-PRESS-RELEASE---------------------------------------------------

ESP Package Manager 4.0 Released

The 4.0 release of the ESP Package Manager ("EPM") is now
available for download.  The new release adds support for
subpackages, compressed portable packages, MacOS X disk images,
and custom platform names and release numbers.  It is available
on-line at:

    http://www.easysw.com/epm/

EPM is a software packaging tool for all versions of UNIX that
generates software and patch distributions in various formats,
including:

    - AIX software packages ("installp")
    - AT&T software packages ("pkgadd"), used by Solaris and
      others
    - BSD packages ("pkg_create")
    - Compaq Tru64 UNIX ("setld")
    - Debian Package Manager ("dpkg")
    - HP-UX software packages ("swinstall")
    - IRIX software manager ("inst", "swmgr", or "tardist")
    - MacOS X software packages ("name.pkg" and "name.mpkg")
    - Portable (installation and removal scripts with tar files)
    - Red Hat Package Manager ("rpm")
    - Slackware software packages ("name.pkg")

EPM also includes graphical "setup" and "uninstall" programs
that can be provided with your distributions to make
installation and removal of more than one package a snap.

EPM is provided under the terms of the GNU General Public
License.  Please contact Easy Software Products at
"info@easysw.com" for commercial support.
